hello everyone and welcome to this
week's episode of League weekly it is
the 13th of September and everything's
done until the world starts in just a
couple of weeks so we have a lot to talk
about here interested in that so we have
a lot to talk about ahead of worlds and
groups were out yesterday at the very
very early time of 5 a.m. our time at
least so we'll get into that in just a
second but first let me go ahead and
introduce some of the best co-hosts
anyone could ask for starting off with
Emily ran below me how's it going Emily
Rams good I just flew back to LA today
also supposedly I've probably my
favorite thing ever oh definitely my
favorite thing I've written all your
coming out today
cross your fingers I look forward to
that all right all right I don't know
what that means it's very vague but one
you never wrote at Yahoo but no you
could have saved the website Emily yeah
all right whatever mark how's it going
hello have you all tweeted about the
fact that shows live oh no let's do that
yeah I was too busy making sure that
everything was set up and dealing with
yeah it's true
I'm pretty good did the gauntlet that
was pretty fun watch the group draw not
live obviously jostling with offline TV
bunch of stuff like that now I'm here
ready to talk about this stuff I think
my picture for the tweet was pretty good
I like mine a lot yeah yours most people
must understand it's just Charles
Barkley yeah
alright well yours is better you in oh
yeah thank you thank you life is good
about that alright uh so anyway how's
how are things been going with you mark
I just answered yeah yeah what's what's
going on with offline TV Gigi oh I just
got the Gigi's out please I hate that
that's in Twitter we just went and
played mini golf that went okay no one
lost their ball or hit it into like
oncoming traffic which is like a minor
victory I'd say nice yeah good job
congratulations uh finally we've got
Kelsey Moser who is here I was going
Kelsey also not eating are you gonna be
like I feel like that's an unfortunate
thing is that I'm not eating into the
microphone I probably won't be lagging
I've been doing pretty well the last
couple days so I don't think I'll be
liking yeah very good
well no like all right so let's talk
about it now we don't really have
normally we try to have an angle on
these things but nobody put in a topic
about the gauntlet and we have to talk
about the gauntlet so I just wrote
gauntlet I guess we can just sort of say
are any of us surprised just gauntlet
especially in North America continue to
make us concerned about North America's
chances at Worlds I mean what's going on
there so my take is that I thought and
he had a pretty rough chance at Worlds
until the group draw and now I feel much
much better and overall yeah I thought
gauntlets level of play was pretty low
Dignitas isn't full like get us out of
here modes they didn't give a shit at
all they lost to fly quest it was still
pretty bad loss to CLG and then CLG vs
c9 was close but very ugly and c9 one do
we have any idea why Dignitas just fell
apart not that I'd want to talk about
here alright so it was like behind the
scenes drama yeah I mean anytime your
top laner goes from picking maokai every
game in a winning series to spamming
full split push gnar and for your ax you
can kind of tell there's some team
issues okay right yeah
pretty good and I'm not saying it's some
days fall I'm just saying that like you
can see that that team completely
changed his play style if I had to guess
say that they were doing some stuff and
it was working well for them and then it
suddenly wasn't working and they had a
global meltdown over it so that seems to
be a common thing that happens you guys
need to keep talking because I'm trying
to finish my lunch and why don't you
just be a professional how much do we
actually care about Dignitas like the
part of the guy I mean I think the dings
our story is interesting just because
Dignitas was honest up and up and up and
I remember on the show being like no
they're gonna flop at the end of the
split that's always how it goes they're
doing really well and then said they
just so it looked better and better and
better until and I was like oh never
mind
I was wrong they're not gonna flop
because they made it all playoffs like
it all changed do you think that the
fact that like West's BOTS lien was the
one that was successful like created a
really bad mismatch to just because even
though I would argue that Dignitas like
so I went back and looked at numbers and
resource distribution and stuff and even
when some day wasn't like visibly the
focus he was still receiving most of the
resources so they were just kind of
doing a smoke and mirrors thing where
botlane was doing so much better that
they were drawing pressure and it was
huge for the team right
and so when wildturtle and lemon were
having a really good time in bot lane
that obviously took away like their one
other point of pressure which i think
was also huge like i don't know what's
going on behind the scenes but that's
just one thing I noticed from watching
the games I'm like it was being a really
bad match it's really simple to play
against my quest you just pressure that
bot Lane and they have a decent bot duo
Lane but then they like instantly
reverted to we're just going to camp
some day whereas I feel like and this
sort of match up against balls
they almost made top lane worse I can't
be top right and they almost and by
playing to that side of the map like
there was like some weird dives going on
and things of that nature whereas if you
just left someday in a lane with a
strong match up against balls 1v1 he's
totally fine you need to dive in for
time to hold balls down because
otherwise that dude comes bouncing back
always cared about how well whereas if
you if you pressure Botwin we saw like
in the CLG series like was kind of yeah
yeah CLG series Game one how'd you guys
like that draft huh flex flex addiction
is a real problem in League of Legends
eSports drafting and I do know that
window now has a terrible win rate
between that and more in trying to force
the issue earlier this year so it's just
really funny because you go from
watching be hgk in all series which was
like 100 percent pick Cassiopeia win the
game yep and then and watch this and and
it's like they're playing fiora and then
there's a really insult getting banned
like yeah actually didn't find that I
thought that was kind of cute and like
obviously isn't super good with it I
liked the way that they played around it
I guess is that they picked it and then
they understood how to execute it and
they followed it up and it was I liked
it but it obviously isn't like a super
good thing the saddest thing to me was
watching seals you just throw against
cloud9 so that they could go to new york
guilt-free for the seals best thing you
know that's probably the problem is
weighing so heavily on their minds they
couldn't focus yep mm-hmm
you're right Travis I do it I loved how
the casters we're explaining all the
stuff that cloud9 had planned like they
have tickets booked for Korea for every
every year yes and they are set up in
Korea and then in the back of my mind I
had just had Travis's ranta yes exactly
yes I'm hearing
talk about all the stuff I'm like
casters talk about what seals you soon
CLG you know they've got like fly set to
New York for like a fan meet it's like
what I mean at this point now that's
literally the third year in a row Jack
has done that it's losing some of its
like wow effect yeah I don't think you
can bring it back for next year you
probably mentioned it like like every
there you know these guys have tickets
booked for as I was doing on the desk
already I was already making fun of it
yes I mean it was only good because the
CLG thing in my head mmm-hmm and I would
say soon I'm winning was a small upset
just because behind the scenes
apparently seal G was doing much better
than them in scrims
and I know screams don't mean everything
but we hadn't seen c9 and forever since
they lost in the gauntlet and CLG was
seemingly starting to turn things around
so I was I was a little surprised that
yeah that's you know one that was
surprised but not when you factor in
steal GFS did anything interesting
happen in Europe in the gauntlet yeah I
think there were some interesting things
that happened in Europe in the gauntlet
I think that all three series were
interesting for various reasons you had
the storyline of Age UK just like
overcoming both three of their different
like meme worthy hang-ups in which is
like it was kind of like a semi final
because it was the second last series
before the last series in the gauntlet
they won that each UK had never won a
fifth game before like they had played
so many fifth games and lost them that
they had never won a fifth game in a
playoff setting before and baby unicorns
of love who had beaten them like every
time in every series all year so they
had all these things going for them and
then they get to the final gets fnatic
and get smashed so it was a little bit
sad I think that there were a lot of
interesting things related to champion
interaction and stuff like that in terms
of rakonin Cassiopeia and tau in the
semi-final on the final I think a lot of
how the bot Lane matchups evolved like
the fact that nuclear was like clearly
outclassed forgiving comparing
to a waterboy it's fun fun fun ready but
you know since like I'm not sure how
many people watched it we don't have to
get into it too much yeah
so I have a question for you because I
was saying I bet come worlds time fnatic
will be better than misfits what do you
think I think that there are a few
things that I've criticized fnatic for
specifically I don't think Brock sir
really understands how to play or Ambala
and and also that they give up mid
pressure a lot for silence but I think
that in the final series they were
working on a lot of those things a lot
better so I think it's fair to say that
I think that their bot lane and Cylons
are still really good I'm really
concerned about Broxson and the reason
why I still rate misfits over them as I
think that misfits understand how to
play like with jungle better than
probably any other team in Europe right
now so I'm still super concerned about
Brock su and I still think misfits are a
little bit better than them right now
all right but but do you think um worlds
it'll change it all and we've got to
learn through screaming in Korea more do
you think it's kind of like you would
something about misfits to be the better
team
maybe it's it's really hard to gauge
because I feel like for example last
year's worlds like of all the the
junglers you would expect to kind of
understand blame pressure to figure
stuff out it wouldn't from Europe it
wouldn't necessarily be Jenka s-- like
angus is the super aggressive armor
thank every lane door kind of jungler
whereas you think of thrashing trick
it's like the more creative or
thoughtful junglers whereas I feel like
Incas really learned how to play with
lane pressure really well in the
bootcamp and that's why part of why htk
looked so good coming into groups age or
especially the second week so um it's
really hard to tell like what teams are
going to learn what from the bootcamp
setting like I think it's it's difficult
to say especially since fnatic I mean
you can kind of maybe say it has
something to do with who is coaching and
if you think about who's coaching fnatic
and the stuff they have they fired
basically
everyone except Dylan and the manager
and yeah I mean that's all I'm gonna say
about that but you can't proceed I'm
sure bears drink decaf we'll have a
question about that in the question
section so moving on we have is rift
rival still relevant so we'll talk about
group draw in just a second but this is
a question that Kelsey is posing to the
group Kelsey we've talked about rift
rivals off and on the last couple months
you want to frame this up for us so in
general I think a lot of people are
thinking about specific things that
happened at wrecked rivals that made
Europe look really really weak which was
in terms of how the jungler and mid
junco and mid - I was playing and also I
think how support and bot lane was
interacting with mid like both really
significant things that Europe was
behind on in terms of early game and
playing this out so my question for you
is do we feel like European teams had
enough time to learn this kind of stuff
and then of course like looking at the
Asian regions right just do we do we
take anything at all from the way the
LPL played like is there something that
we can glean because now the LPL coaches
and OPL teams are all camping together
which they never have really done in the
past like they've actively avoided
screaming together but because of the
success they had at rift rivals working
together like is this something that's
significant do you think any of the
stuff is significant from the NA EU side
I don't think it's significant at all I
think like rift rivals was fun it was
fun to win as a North American fan but
I've really not like projecting that
success at all until like Worlds I think
is like in the middle of a split there's
plenty of time to bounce back the meta
has changed since then
like I just don't think it's at all
gonna be be relevant I mean more
specifically I think this so first of
all I think European teams have learned
a bit especially g2 but then secondly
another team that we were - we were kind
of talking about if they would have done
or not was Misfits for their play style
so I think like in that case there's a
lot of stuff you just have to disregard
for the NAU side just because so much
has changed for look like I'll speak to
the Korean teams I think pink Samsung
and SKT still have some of the same
weaknesses that they did at rift rivals
that became obvious when they played the
LPL teams but I think that they've
better been able to leverage their
strengths to overcome that um like most
specifically Samsung I'm glad they just
have really stuck to ambition and I
think they have looked a lot better SKT
still have issues obviously but I think
especially given who they're taking as
subs which we're going to talk about in
a bit I guess but um I think they have a
pretty strong handle on their team and
also how to if not fix those holes at
least like address them in a way that
uses the strengths that they do have to
cover up those weaknesses if that makes
sense I think that if you look at rift
rivals between Europe and North America
you will see a precedent has been
continued on which is just that North
America is a better region than Europe
and I do think that you know maybe rift
rivals is only relevant in the same way
that all of these incidences are
relevant at proving North America's
dominance over Europe and I think we
will continue to see that at Worlds yeah
just like sure that 2015 year and stuff
yeah 2016 2016 when we got em aside oh
yeah yeah okay I also think it's worth
noting that there was a patch change
that kind of made some of the strengths
that I exhibited slightly less relevant
in terms of like
now you can play tech junglers and the
super aggressive jungle style isn't like
as whatever your been yeah I mean Mike
Young would be just fine because there's
the new Nidalee build so you know I knew
Nidalee players I actually think that's
somewhat relevant for some teams just
because like talking about gigabyte
Marines the fact that Nidalee is still
playable is pretty important for them
probably I liked how they they nerfed
like some of the Korean specific picks a
little bit like Elise and then suddenly
the NA jungle pick like is mostly common
na na is mysteriously buffed weird
listen to so long the whole Korea we
would be buff because they nerfed Gragas
what's Nidalee it's obviously a joke
yeah I think so that's that's relevant
and I think for me it doesn't really
matter though cuz the only two teams
that I feel are super strong going into
this or like TSM and g2 anyway because
yeah no one else really knows how to
handle side waves and immortals are
shocked when they're like stacking their
waves and sudden indiscriminately and
suddenly gsm-r caught up Oh No how are
they caught up any ahead and farm
randomly when all we've been doing is
slow pushing into them over and over
again I am so surprised
[Music]
alright so rift rival is probably mostly
not relevant except for a couple things
here and there right alright moving on
to the next topic which is which region
one the group draw the great group draw
this is marks topic I'm gonna go ahead
and if xsplit cooperates put this up on
the screen so this is the plan stage do
you want to look at this or do you want
to go straight into like the other I was
talking more about the main group stage
is something I think I have later on
okay but basically if you look at the
overall teams and the groups how they
worked out as you're showing the words
as opposed to the pictures you think
twit check and read I mean I don't know
if everyone can identify these icons
there's a couple I can either alright
we'll stick with the words then I guess
because people can't read I mean because
people don't know that the team's so
just looking at these I think you can
say that North America had a really
really good group drop both in terms of
group D at least before the play and
teams get seated in which is still a
little up in the air they seem to be
really well positioned with TSM
potentially being the stronger team of
that group despite being seated as a
pool two team they don't have a Korean
or Chinese team in there yet
similarly in Group B even though it has
long shoe gaming who is arguably the
number one team coming in to the
tournament after that they only have
gigabyte Marines in there and then it's
somewhat unlikely they get like a really
tough team seated in there as well so it
should be quote unquote reasonable or
easy for immortals to get out so at
least from a North American side it
seems really easy but do you think
someone else has won the by the way Kim
can whenever they move teams from planes
to groups is there a chance that you end
up with double regions or is the same
pretend that's why if alt seed one teams
make it and W has to go to group B yeah
and we'll get into that that's my second
topic is just about a little bit of play
and stage stuff but just based off of
these three teams in each group which
region do you guys think has won cuz I
would say I think na has won I think and
I got a pretty good draw I actually
think I like I would be else chances
pretty well too I think ochio had a
pretty good draw like EDG are in there
with HQ I think the worst team for them
to be seated in from plan would be
fnatic I think that might be difficult
for them but it's reasonable and then
RNG even though Samsung and g2 are
really strong like series teams I feel
like orangey is a really good
one sort of team and they can have a
good chance of just smashing like G 2
and G 2 have done even like if you look
at their game ones you too have a
tendency of drafting kind of
questionably in-game ones and then
saying oh okay clearly there was but
being very good at correctly identifying
what screw them up against that team
particularly on that day so even if they
understand the patch going in and
everything else they will still make
these kinds of Gimlin mistakes so yeah I
think that orangey you have a good
chance and best of once and then because
of the way the pool ones would work if
we're if we assume all pool ones go in
then w/e get like kind of a comfy group
in Group D without a Korean team so so
you contend China Emily what do you
think because it really so for me it
really depends on whether Team W is
going into that Group D slot even with
that I would say I think immortals are
super happy with their group mainly
because gigabyte Marines are not that
strong
yeah xue is also like so you're assuming
long as he was just gonna stomp which
also helps immortal that's in the way
because there's less parity in the group
so I think immortals are super happy I
think even with W II going into Group D
TSM or the favorites to get out over
flash wolves even though I think it's I
think if it would be close and it also
depends on a few things that flash shows
have been struggling with like I have
such a hard time reading flash holes
because they get away with a lot because
of their region and they've had some
underperforming players but it's really
good metaphor sword art so I think they
have the potential to do a lot more
damage and I think people assume going
in um even with that I would say that I
would still give edge to TSM so in that
group specifically even with BB
you going in so I'd say it's a really
good it's a really good draw for na it's
a Roth draw for Europe G - yeah have
such like and that's actually the group
that I'm looking forward to watching the
most but like hula is a rough draw for
those I was talking with scar and I was
like I really hope c9 gets seated in
there just so you have all four major
regions represented in a single group
very cool mmm that's I'm looking forward
to I think I don't know I don't feel
like someone just got completely
destroyed cuz even group II maybe is
like somewhat competitive like you could
see worlds where misfits or fossils get
out on even yeah I think for for the
wild-card group say k HQ HQ and gigabyte
Marines know yeah I'm really low in HQ
right now but there's still some options
for for up so it's just be because of
the way those teams play like again I
think Group E will just be really fun
especially if like fnatic get in or
something because then everyone will
just try to smash really yeah and
everything so it'll be super fun group
and oh yeah it's I don't think there are
any groups that just feel like okay well
this is this group is done either you
know I feel like the air groups with
chances for upsets across the board so
what is the with group a be the group of
death unless Group C gets c9 into it
what are you on crack Travis I think we
just said we just said HQ as week SKT in
there okay so if you have two teams
you're expected to make it out no one's
getting snubbed boy it should be that
like it to be a group of death there she
needs to be at least more than two teams
deserve to get out of that group Tech
like ours you know do you know who
really lost the group draw Korea I was
about to ask I was gonna say does anyone
ever feel like Korea loses like is it
possible to lose a group Charles Korea
is impossible
Samsung and you get input into a group
with like the best mids in the turn that
theoretically that aren't Korean and
maybe that's a bad group for Samsung
Group C I don't think like Samsung is
happy about that I don't think Group A
or B you really care
yeah and I think Samsung if there's a
group where the korean team doesn't get
out first it would probably be C but
yeah I think Wong's you're fine I think
SKT are fine cuz I'm really down on EDG
and I'm really really down so even
though I still think SKT have stuff that
they need well this is a good topic to
transition to our next or a good
jumping-off point for our next topic
which is our LPL team's overrated
kelsey you seems like you're down on
this is the new phrase down on some of
these chinese teams I think there are a
couple of reasons that the LPL teams are
going to be a little bit overrated going
into this one is that as usual with LPL
teams you can see fine games from them
where they appear to be doing like
everything right and they can do really
well any ambition worlds where they're
like taking games off with some of the
top korean teams this is like this but
then there will just be games where they
look worse than wildcard teams and i
think that's part of why OPL teams will
be overrated just because of how wide
their ranges and almost everything in
terms of miss plays in terms of stuff
like this another reason why i think
they'll be slightly overrated is just
because of how competitive their
playoffs was like the back pad every
series featuring a semi-finalists team
went to five games people are gonna be
like oh my gosh the competition to show
intense you know like obviously it makes
all the team stronger which I don't
think logically historically we haven't
really seen that be true so I think
there are a couple of reasons why opl
teams maybe a little bit overrated and
for me even though I'll say like I think
this is a pretty good year for LPL like
they have pretty good chances they could
also like even if w/e I kind of look at
them it's like they should be the
strongest team to playing right but I
see
possibility of them not wait so just cuz
you've mentioned w/e and I've heard a
lot of people were telling me they think
W is like the best team in China right
now yeah would you agree with that I
think they're the best team yeah
probably overall unless I think all
right it's so weird because I hate
worlds because I feel like if you're not
a Korean team you basically are raiding
teams on how well you think they'll play
best of ones you know and that basically
determines how far you go if you're a
non-current anyway so yeah I think that
it's because chances are like you get
out second seed if you're a non Korean
team and in your place against a Korean
team and quarterfinals and chances are
you lose that so it really just matters
how good you are best of ones and have
been they are at dodging Koreans yes
yeah yeah so it's really frustrating to
say like yeah I think wer the best
Chinese team but maybe our IG are like
way better at just brute-forcing games
so they'll do better at Worlds and I
don't know I think it each year probably
the worst though most people would agree
which is really funny because they won
playoffs Kelsey you were saying that all
the LPL teams are gonna do the same
thing where they just scream each other
what do you mean say the same thing you
said rift rivals they're following that
setup right oh they're not they're not
falling they're just bootcamp a together
like they're already screaming foreign
teams it's not like they're just
screaming each other I think a lot of
people have this misconception that
every year the LPL teams come to Worlds
and they have just screamed each other
and they're shocked by the meta or some
shit but literally they avoid screaming
each other at Worlds traditionally like
Oh in 2013 oMG straight-up said or not
screaming royal 2015 like san shou was
like why didn't we scrum each other oh
my god why what were we doing we should
have stuck together it's nice and shot
voice anyway the point is that this is
like gonna be the first year where they
actually there you could almost say
there's semi colluding alright so LPO
is overrated you look like garbage at
rift rivals this is n easier is what I'm
hearing this is what I'm getting is that
this is gonna be North America's ear to
just show up at Worlds and dominate I
mean it should be based on girl right
yeah I was I was pooh-poohing na this
whole time until I saw the group choice
and now I'm like hey I think it's pretty
much what America needs to get out of
groups here even more delicious they
don't know you know all right moving on
the question is is there a plan
disadvantage and this is a question from
Kelsey as well yeah I'm just kind of
curious if we feel like there's a
disadvantage to the third C team like
what is the plain disadvantage for
playing and playing and can we
articulate it and is there an advantage
to playing and playing and what do we
feel like this sort of difference
creates for some of the third C teams
based on like just extensive experience
with watching iw CI and they changed it
so it's not nearly as bad those teams
used to go in and have to prepare for
like seven other teams but um I still
think that especially for major region
teams it can be a trap if you go in and
you don't prepare for these teams but
the catch is that if you're already
assuming that you're going to go to the
group stage you really want to prep for
the teams that you think might be in
your group which is somewhat easy to
predict if you're counting on like the
all the pool and seats to get out so I
think it could be a trap for some teams
and it's it is also sometimes difficult
to prepare for these teams in best of
ones specifically because that is a time
where a minor region team can upset the
major region team because it is only one
game and they
and come up with a very specific focus
Stratis strategy and obviously I don't
think most of those teams if any will be
kind of looking beyond the plan stage
because they know that plan is their
only chance to get out so I think like
they I think that if they have the means
to do so and they should the Minor
region teams will be prepping really
hard for playing especially the the ones
that you consider the top teams so
fenerbahce a and gambit there's no way
that those teams aren't like hardcore
preparing and I'm assuming all the other
teams are as well but those are the two
teams that everyone's kind of
pinpointing as the two that could make
the most noise in the play in stage so
even though I'm kind of suspecting that
the pool one seats will make it out
anyway I think that's where it can be a
huge trap for teams the benefits I can
see are that sometimes especially at
international tournaments we do see that
teams that are able to play
competitively on the patch as opposed to
scrims on the patch because different
scrum meadows develop and it gets really
dicey and the first week of groups is
just kind of and I want to say a
shitshow because it's not but it's like
teams really trying to figure out like
what's going on in the best of one group
stage with a lot of different smaller
meadows so they've probably developed
from scrims
so I do think that sometimes you see
teams that if they have a better grasp
on things going in if they have more
practice on the patch it could help that
also depends on the team to like that
that's really team specific as well I
mean obviously there's a disadvantage
about the fact that you have to play to
actually get into worlds but I like I
think that's what you're saying a lot of
was just like yeah you have to play and
let you can't look past these teams but
I don't feel like is that what you what
the question is or is it just that like
you know whoever comes out will be at an
extra disadvantage no I think the
question is like how how fucked is it
that you have to do this like would you
how unhappy are you that you have to go
to
wait I don't oh I was seeing it as like
is their disadvantage for having to go
through the play on stage as opposed to
getting seated them automatically into
groups yeah the same thing in my opinion
but that's not even worth asking yeah of
course just the disadvantage you have to
play it even right like you have to play
to get what you would have had already
it's like it's of course it's a
disadvantage I'm just enjoying listening
you guys interpret assuming you make it
out and you get to where you were before
what was it calculated just tell us yeah
the question is just like what
specifically is like in terms of
preparing for games or in terms of
preparing for the meta or just things
like this like are there is there an
advantage I guess is a better way to put
it like is there an advantage to playing
playing and or like what dude the teams
in the groups actually also get from
being able to watch play in stage of
anything yes I mean I think the the
disadvantage comes from the fact that
like you are basically discovering the
meta a little bit for teams who are
still practicing and so like when you're
in that best of one stage dealing with
all this cheese shit that lower-level
teams are probably gonna throw at you
that's really not preparing you for the
group stage of the tournament but then
once you play your best of five stage
well yes it's nice that you get to
potentially warm up a little bit all the
other teams are gonna be watching these
best of fives and seeing what seems to
be working well so if like gangplank
comes flying back by two teams suddenly
everyone's like hey fuck let's play some
gangplank you know so I think in that
regard you are almost like a scout team
for the metaphor for all the teams
screaming during groups and they'll keep
practicing while you test it out for
them basically publicly I think yeah
there's that side as well but I'm kind
of I do kind of feel like it's a I'm not
sure how much of an advantage you get
from watching playing in general just
because I think group stage and you make
a good point with the the bracket stage
but I still feel like in terms of as
much as the meta and involves on a
single patch during worlds which is like
one of my favorite things during worlds
there's still stuff that shows up like
three four weeks in
and I think that generally speaking what
we see in play and won't really
necessarily be indicative of what we're
seeing in the whole tournament
especially since we'll see you like I
don't know I think teams like w/e will
just play whatever and try to smash
people and maybe get punished for it
even but I just I think that there will
be some incentive to hide it and I think
maybe the real punishment then is that
like you're not necessarily playing like
you have to come up with something
that's tertiary to like what you want to
actually play in group stage right so
it's like what can we play to smash
these lower tier teams that isn't really
what we want to play against like real
teams seriously I just developing teams
aren't real teams I'm sorry okay I just
think that coming out of plans you might
have a bit of an advantage because when
you haven't played on stage and so long
I mean this was like a you know the
team's when there used to be groups seed
or group stage buys in worlds those
teams never looked particularly amazing
because you had all these guys coming in
hot off of all this practice and the
experience of playing on stage and all
this kind of thing and then they just
sort of falter not say you get like a
ton of on stage experience with plans
but well the problem with that seating
was that a lot of those teams weren't
actually as good as they were seated
like TSM getting seated into quarters
did not make them a top eight team when
they're playing Samsa are not Samsung uh
oh my god or whatever yeah yeah so like
I think some of that was just you the
fact that we didn't know how strong each
region was and so people getting byes
and then getting seated against the
stronger team was an issue yeah fair
enough
so is that the end of our planned
advantage disadvantage trip I believe so
so it is time for a break everyone's
favorite time and this week much like
last week we are discussing a they're
not officially a sponsor but I have a
link and that's me undies
Mandy's comm / Travis capper you can
check them out you get a 20
percent off your order if you if you do
that that way and you help support my
stuff and they're super comfortable they
sent me a bunch stuff recently they got
stuff styles for guys and girls right
different things look you can leave
space cadet
love the space cadet one of us actually
took all the photos on this website with
his new hobby that's true this one right
here with all the butts that was that
took a bit but anyway there they are
super super comfortable underwear they
support eSports which is really nice of
them and a big big fan of me undies and
yes 20% off your first order with me and
east comm / Travis cafard what deal my
gosh anyway really appreciate them for
working with me and sending me stuff and
oh we got a cheer of five cheer either
way by the way if you if you want to get
the link directly you can just go to
Travis Khafre I'm such support I have a
link over there and some other options
for how to support the show and if you
are watching live or even if you're not
watching live you can sub because guess
what twitch has subs at 50% off right
now that means that if you go for the
crazy $24.99 sub you could actually get
it really 1250 that's not bad and by the
way all that that still makes it to the
broadcaster so very very helpful of
people anyway let's move on we've got a
what the chance of a plane upset so
still talking about plans this is Mark's
yeah so what a lot people we're talking
about was if everything goes according
to plan w/e ends up in Group D and all
these other things happen but the
question I have is what's the chance
that actually goes according to plan and
I think the big group to look at if
Travis wants to pull this up is group D
the number one seed there is Hong Kong
starts than a I can never remember the
neighborhood attitude right
that group is one where it doesn't seem
to have a major region team and those
kinds of things so people are wondering
you know even if whoever comes out of
Group D if that one seat has to play
gambit or another potentially good to
seat in another group do we see some
upsets and so what's the likelihood that
it actually comes out where every number
one seed is the one to come out I mean I
think the reason why group D is the one
that people are looking at is what has
less to do with Hong Kong attitude and
more to do with thunderbox yeah because
I actually think Hong Kong attitude is
going to be a little bit underrated I
think they're better than HQ in terms of
LMS teams there they actually had a
really big uptick they had kind of a
flight West / cloud 9 2015 story where
they didn't even make playoffs right
because they had such a terrible early
split and part of the reason they had
such a terrible early split is because
like their coach came in and completely
up did a complete overhaul of the roster
he had kind of like controversial
methods where he said if you're rated
above other members if like because the
roster had a lot of players on it and he
said the player who gets to play on
stage is the player with the highest
ranking in Koreans who look you so that
kind of completely overhauled the roster
and it actually ended up making the team
like really good because you have a fair
amount of individual talent they can
play super aggressively and I think
their team plays pretty good they do a
lot of questionable things that is just
really bad play but I think in general
they're better than H Q who can only
play like one style or one way of
approaching the game and a lot of their
players are really underperforming and
the 1-3-1 style isn't super effective
right now anyway so I think that they're
actually a little bit underrated if
people are saying that like this is the
weakest pull one team because after
watching cloud 9 yeah so yeah I think
it's it's more fun or bachi which people
are really really saying great things
about but I haven't haven't watched them
so I don't I don't can't really speak to
it
yeah I just started watching them today
so I'm not going to really speak to it
but I think it's because of gambit and
Thunder braches that people are like
those are the two teams that everyone's
kind of looking at and saying and gambit
is so it's not just diamondprox and
edward but if people followed
Albus knocks Luna or they became m-19
but Kyra and Stevie PJ hosts yeah it
came over to gambit and I really good
players on Albus knocks last year yeah I
really like stay hosts in particular I
think he is very smart in the way he
purchased the game the way he studies
the game so that's really interesting to
me again I haven't I haven't seen enough
of their games to be able to like say
definitively whether I think they'd be
able to upset the team and it would also
depend on who comes out as number 2
seeds and how they like how everyone
gets paired up for the actual matches to
qualify what be just because Kelsey was
saying I kind of agree that like cloud I
look really bad and then you have won
the Brazilian team that beat yeah right
and like Brazil's always been around
that feels really close to being legit
right I think the thing with team won
and I love these guys and I'm super
happy that they made it just because
she's about to shit on them your story's
really because she had just heard bats
really heavily actually they're smart
the problem is especially if you're
looking at them vs. c9 for example I
also was not impressed with c9 and
gauntlet but if you're matching these
two teams up the disparity in just level
of individual play is really large um
team one overcame pain and they were not
expected to and they did just with a way
stronger understanding of how to play
the map and
how to play as a team but I don't think
that's gonna work as well once you go
higher and higher up and you face like
more challenging players because this is
not a team that you gloat that even in
Brazil and say like oh they have the
strongest mechanical players in specific
positions it's just not and they were
int Z's B team right and they got
promoted yeah so it's really kind of
weird
yeah they got promoted from under int Z
and I&D Z and red were expected to be in
the final right and it was like these
really weird upsets yeah but just like I
don't know I think both coaches had to
fly both red and I tease these coaches
had to like leave the country like
during playoffs just real and randomly
so yeah I I have no idea I'd I watched
like one of I watched the int Z series
and there were just really terrible
things happening I mean like I I'm down
on almost every major region team and
almost every team I watched so I need to
find like new words to describe how
terrible the level of play I witnessed
was so mm-hmm
so would you say that you think the
number one reason out of most teams is
or like the number one seed out of each
group making it to the group stage of
worlds is more likely or less likely to
happen I mean I like I said I can't
really I haven't like my problem is is
that I really don't watch enough
wildcards it's just from the guys what's
your heart tell you I have a heart right
yeah I mean I think yeah probably I
would say it's a pretty safe bet to say
that the first few teams
I'll make it into um like again we
already identified the most likely upset
just because of how our people are
hyping Fenerbahce a like I haven't
watched them at all but most likely
upset is Group D then I'm going with I
think an upset will happen one of the
one of
teams will not make it I mean just see
group just see the group well that's the
same thing as saying the team just no no
it's okay just say the group Group D
okay predicting and upset here is that
even if like say see even if fenerbahe
a makes it out of Group D as like the
number one seed and Hong Kong attitude
is number two when these group when
these I guess the only thing that would
actually that would throw a wrench in
things the way of the matchups like I'm
thinking of best of fives as well like I
think of best of ones it's whatever
because any team can win a best of one
in my opinion but when these teams get
to best of fives that's really where
like like gigabyte Marines caught TSM
off guard in the MSI playing and that
went to all five games and if Vega by
Marines hadn't made some very like
glaring gary game for I'm not me I'm
here that's just me watching a team
basically be like here's the game we
don't want it um but I think once they
get into best of fives and you can't
necessarily run the kind of things that
would work in a best of one series and
you just have teams from major regions
with possibly more experience going up
against better teams on the regular I
still think that that is always where we
see I feel like if just one I feel like
if just like one gambit or Fender
botching make it although like they'll
be for sure if just one upset happens
where you have one cool two team getting
out at first they have to play the pool
two teams from the other group right so
chances are it's like going to be gambit
and Fenerbahce versus like some really
really terrible wildcard teams so that
if there's an if there's one group that
has
upset and a pool one team doesn't get
out first I think that basically
guarantees it we get a wild good right
and I'm not saying I think it's more
likely that a number one seat loses to a
two seat and best of five I'm saying
it's more likely that the double
round-robin stage where there's only
three teams and as opposed to four is
less stable and one team will fuck up in
the one seed and drop some game exactly
and I can even see like that's part of
why I also said that like I could even
see w/e coming out as like the
definitively best non-korean team in the
tournament and then also just like
bombing out and saying like straight up
because they do some dumb shit against
Kambei and Gambhir like better that's
let's go woo hmm the next topic is
regional strength versus actual
performance you put in pre evaluations I
shortened it Emily Wow but you want to
explain what this even means it's so
long-winded and yet I don't know what it
means so we've just failed on all fronts
okay so when this has kind of came out
of something Kelsey and I were talking
about when we did a reaction video to
the group Jarah and we were talking
about how people tend to evaluate
regions going into worlds by regional
strength and history especially when
people were looking at the so not the
plan but the regular groups for the
group stage and comparing and
contrasting teams a lot of times people
bring up the history or like we spoke to
before what exactly happened at rift
rivals and that always carries over I
think
flash wolves are kind of the best
example because like myself included I
only watch LMS when I watch Boggs to
prep for international events so I do
not watch LMS all year round and very
few people I know do um and I think like
flash holes are that team that
everyone's always like will just
take their previous like performance and
we'll apply it to that and we're not
gonna look at what happened with this
team the split or anything like that and
that's why I like when people come to
flash holds like the thing that's always
said it's like when you overhyped them
they underperform when you under hype
them they over perform and I think part
of the reason that that happens is
because people aren't actually looking
at their play style they're just looking
at their previous performance an
international event because they go to
all of them because they always come
hook this LMS is number one seed um so
you think that's a microcosm to explain
when I'm talking about I guess how I
guess how important do you think
historical context is and in terms of
regional strength and how can we better
evaluate teams going into a world
championship based on how they actually
play in terms of regional strength I
think it's really hard to do especially
when you're getting like new teams to
come out with with the region so like
immortals you know haven't haven't seen
a lot of those players at Worlds but for
like I think I think you can kind of use
historical context for teams that stay
mostly the same just like TSM for
example last time they were at Worlds
they had all five of the same players
parth was there as well and they were
like really really early game dominant
North America and shit on kids and then
they couldn't do that at Worlds and like
now they feel a little more balanced and
you can kind of say that should
translate better but maybe they're not
as strong so I think you can you can use
historical context for like a team's
performance if it's if it's mostly the
same players like the same star players
and their play style is still reliance
on those people but I think it's really
hard to use like of regions context for
like any abstract team I remember when
people are like TSM have the highest
gold lead at 15 minutes on average of
any region of any team in any region
it's like yeah but Oracle's elixir
doesn't keep LPL stats and orangey
actually had a higher one but good shit
on echo fox yeah yeah I mean it was also
I just think it's yeah you can't
fixate on one thing that happened
or because TSM don't play the same way
right and I think and the flash was
example you listed the support meta has
changed a lot and that's really
significant when you have a player like
sorter and then it's a yeah there are a
lot of different things I think one
thing I would use for regional context
is that I do think that there are like
non gameplay factors that are consistent
with teams for example like when you're
talking about g2 at international events
have had terrible group stages and I
think you can look for reasons why that
I guessed and there are reasons that are
consistent with what they do
domestically so it's it's fair to say
like okay they've had rough group stages
in the past and you can see trends like
this domestically as well but likely
chance that they will again or perhaps
especially with Lee sin buffs and but
the the other factor and like EDG at
Worlds is an interesting one but be the
or UCI at Worlds all that fun stuff the
the other thing that is interesting
about this argument though is that I
think people like are obsessed with
regional strength but for example I
think TSM and g2 right now are actually
really similar teams because they try to
look at like certain meta trends and
they try to play like these certain
Metatron's they have similar players
with like similar issues which I can't
fence Karen I think concert and expect
to have like similar issues their ball
lanes are both like fairly strong mid
they play super hard around mid or with
mid pressure I guess specifically you
could say like there's a difference in
how they use or get mid pressure but
stuff like this and both of them abuse
the fact that teams in their region
don't understand how to like use waves
and so they just wait for people to make
some dumb mistake and they capitalize on
it and like this happens in a lot of
their games so I think that you can say
that maybe both of these teams in a
sense are getting punished because their
regions suck which doesn't necessarily
mean that the regions are that different
in skill it just means that like the top
teams are what you have to look at
start comparing does this feel like a
good answer to your your question
Kelsey Emily I was looking I was looking
at Kelsey's name Oh white girls look the
same really it's true
all right so Emily's next thing is the
great long shoe SKT SSG debate yes so I
threw Samsung in there just because I
think arguably they could have a good
matchup against longitude depending but
I think a lot of people going into this
are trying to look at SKT vs long do and
whether we actually have a Korean team
that's not SKT that could be favored to
win worlds um I know last year I still
said personally that the Tigers were the
favorite going in because I did think
they were a better team than SKT and I
stand by my prediction going into last
year's World Championship even though
obviously I was wrong um but the kind of
wrench that was thrown in there was that
KT beat SKT in the gauntlet they didn't
even make it to finals so you had rocks
KT and it went to all five games and it
came down to very close game five so
this is completely different where SKT
looked really out of their element for
three of the four games where they
matched up against long shoe so I just
wanted to bring that up again like is
this the another year where we actually
have a favorite that's not SKT coming
out of Korea is the question can we can
we expand the question just be SKT verse
the field of all other teams is like
watch it long like if it's a pie charts
like SKT is like you know 50% long juice
like 40% then the rest of the world is
like 10 percent right and the how you
the--it basically more or less right now
I think the thing is like SKT lost or
like rocks one going in summer last year
and they came in with all the hype in
this case the SKT still figured it out
and I think that's the hard thing that
so it's like to describe that about SKT
is that they won't figure it out and
kind of just based off that I would
still probably go with SKT if I like had
to put my money on on somebody they just
have too much of a pedigree and too many
like the same components from all those
other great runs that they've had as
well as the fact that they've never not
won worlds when they went I think their
problem is slightly different
now yes um I think it's a good I
actually think it's a really good cause
this is a topic so I won't yeah yeah so
regardless skipping over that whatever
and I think that they they have problems
they've been relying on their BOTS to
kind of generate pressure in lane which
is a problem something that they haven't
really done with the bang wolf setup
before and so I think that that's a new
problem that they're having to deal with
that they have never really don't before
with this this these three this
three-piece line up the faker being wolf
why don't so I think that that's a
slightly new problem so I think that
that makes the question more interesting
but at the same time they've had all
sorts of other problems that they
figured out so it's an it kind of sucks
in terms of because you can't
necessarily point to something can do
concrete I guess that explains the
situation that you kind of say SKT so is
it really that great of a debate cuz it
sounds like it's not that creative a
debate well I wanted to bring it up just
because I think it's a different
situation where SKT have a lot of like
to Kelsie's point they have a lot of
different issues than they have had in
previous years and the way the finals
went was a lot different than say last
year um so it just has the opposite
problem of me where she over eases
positive adjectives
so I think I mean I wanted I just wanted
to bring it up because I want to see how
many people were siding with SKT vs long
Xia I also sides with SKT for similar
reasons even though like I hate it's
really frustrating because one of their
strengths is that when they are faced
with the problem no other team is better
at using prep time to adapt and and fix
it by the time that they need to at a
World Championship so I think that's
that's the reason why I am giving edge
to SKT despite their finalists
performance right even though even if
the problem is different than what they
faced in the past they have faced enough
different problems that you trust that
they can figure it out it has gone
through like more crazy shit than them
in terms of all the battles they've had
to get to win to finals or gets the
finals over and over because their
problems have been related to playing
with top jungle mint so that's why this
one's different
basically I trust coma he'll figure that
shit alright and bouncing off of that
we've got the SKT and DG sub stuff go on
so you guys want to animus because
actually I think SKT use substitute so
first of all like there there's always
the debate that rises up around worlds
with larger rosters where you have
people being like well it's not fair
that they can't bring in Chara peanut
blank and Tunie all because they've all
substituted in and out even in the most
recent final SKT was swapping them out
but it came out that they chose on blank
pinna and hooni as of the trio that
they're bringing so basically blank is
gonna be the subpoena is list as a
starter and that and hooni is their top
laner um so in Chara is nowhere to be
seen
and I think we can get to eat VG because
that's kind of a minor thing to actually
decide not to bring that they're
bringing their sub top laner OD
um I think with an SPT though it backs
up kind of what we talked about with
their ability to look at a problem and
address it because I think they realized
after the finals that they have a
weakness and top lane where if if antara
just gets demolished by his opponent in
lane they can't recover because they
don't necessarily have that pressure
point and it puts so basically what
happened is bot lane got pushed in by
prey and gorilla and then antara was
losing to Khan and so that eliminated a
lot of the places where either blank or
peanut could go and only in one game did
blank managed to really be able to
exploit cuz which is a really good way
of feeding long shoe so I think the fact
that they're taking hooni is a good
indication that as CATIA already looking
at their team problems because hooni in
my opinion even though it's difficult
you can get hooni to play like in Chara
but you can never get in Chara to play
like hooni if he's gonna be playing
carries and playing for like a more
aggressive lane and Chara is just not
gonna play that way so I think it's a it
shows me that at least they're looking
at the problem and they're definitely
considering their finals performance was
it you who tweeted out that like picking
who need to bring is the choice that
wins them Worlds versus like gets them
out of groups or something someone
someone wouldn't but I agree with that
yeah who I saw a tweet
oh that was me Marc definitely not
choice I bet you couldn't even say that
when taro was the other top laner anyway
the point is yeah are we gonna see like
imagine this money
Poppa Smitty verse fanatic then who knee
over some mortals who knee wins what
like he just goes over his old he has to
beat his old team so you know wouldn't
that be kind of cool like yes it's
actually like where this thing out
because fnatic is like the most likely
to end up in Group A right now if
though all the favorites happen and then
immortals gets out in Group B they have
a second seed they draw each other like
it's actually pretty possible
wouldn't that be sick well I'm racing as
the story lines okay yeah I don't know I
I agree that it's more like having a
place for jungle pressure is the issue I
don't I don't know I still think flying
towards abusing Pauline is gonna be the
best way to destabilize SKT and so we'll
see we'll see it's good I think it's a
good it's a good choice because at least
they'll try to have one side line
generating pressure even if he doesn't
unsuccessfully like the fact that he'll
be trying to push out his Lane is pretty
good
what percentage of teams do you think
will really be able to like exploit that
potential problem though like I mean who
hasn't blame that well I don't know if
you noticed yeah I mean I know I just
saying it like oh you mean the bot laner
yeah the problem of like cuz yes you
could say praying guerrilla could could
do it right but then yeah I mean I'm not
sure in group a
yeah maybe if fnatic get in because they
do you think reckless and doses have
been playing really well but we'll see I
actually think if there's a mattock for
a metaphore fanatic like fnatic would be
probably the best team to get into that
group if it ends up being fanatic of
fnatic and the other teams to go against
us Katy so I think fnatic would have the
best chance of like any of the first
seed playing teams and any of the teams
in Group A so just because of the way
that they play stylistically I don't
think it will happen just to clarify
that I think they would have the best
chance all right guess what time it is
everybody a restart feeling to have with
questions because while we're doing
questions we get the highlight of League
weekly and by the way this might be the
last time you hear this for a little bit
and we'll talk about it in a second but
Emily rands anime Pick of the Week whoo
get to make my joke about the EDG cent
but that's fine this joke is in poor
taste just make this joke it's because
if they brought an emergency sub as a
top laner instead of an emergency sub as
an ad carry they would have to kill off
another one of mouse's family members
instead of AI boys this way they can
kill up high boys so it's less
suspicious see it's ours
Emily rant anime Pick of the Week please
so a show that has been kind of been
weird licensing not licensing limbo but
just release limbo and since Funimation
partner with crunchyroll it's one of the
series that I've been hoping they get on
crunchyroll it's called that's a Tommy
galaxy it is um kind of like I guess I'd
have to compare the premise a little bit
to Groundhog Day but it's basically this
guy who's in college and he's trying to
figure out his life and he's feeling
really lost and he has this ideal
situation of a college life in his mind
that he wants and every episode is him
trying to get that and failing and it
has a lot to say about the way he sees
himself versus the way everyone else
sees him it's a smart show it does have
really a weird animation so not everyone
is gonna like the way it looks but it's
a really cool show and I recommend you
give it a chance that's it speaking of
Groundhog Day things did anyone see the
trailer for that movie that's basically
Groundhog Day the horror version where
this girl like keeps dying and she needs
to figure out who killed her know anyone
go see it recently no nevermind carry on
took questions from the chat thank you
very much I only ran for that I I always
look forward to learning about what
animating I will not be watching alright
there you go bears drink decaf when do
you think teen
will blame scrim culture for when they
lose at worlds looking at cloud nine I
don't really understand this questioning
also you put a period at the end of it
which indicates it's not a question but
I do you guys you guys kind of get it I
when I blink Chinese Grimm culture all
the time for Chinese team sucking the
world's no I'll stop doing that I didn't
though in parts problem but yeah anyway
continue is the point that they're I
mean they're going to Korea first all
right cloud9 screaming Korean teams yes
and na teams and European teams are all
in Korea yes I don't get it
and Chinese to mean I think there isn't
it just because you see a lot of teams
come out or you have I guess this past
split in North America seeing a lot of
teams come out and say like oh screams
are really weird on the new patch
because what happens is like you can't
scrim specific people and so these weird
Meadows develop where you might think
something's good and then you play it on
stage and it turns out to be really bad
um I think it seems like teams have kind
of figured out scrim so I hope that it's
not as big of an issue going into it
because to Kelsie's point one of the
coolest things is actually seeing how
things evolve on stage throughout the
entire process of worlds because it's
all in the same patch but I think
there's a different approach to screens
depending on region sometimes I like
China historically had a really bad
thing where they just did dumb shit all
the time like everyone remembers lnq
around 2014 this team is worthless to
scrim that just does they just like
jumped on you every five seconds that's
literally how all Chinese teams
basically screamed for a really long
time and I don't know it was it was
really bad I think that they've taken
steps to fix it a lot so it's less of an
issue but I think that there are scrum
culture issues that are specific to
certain region sometimes so I think it's
there that's
more what he's asking about tangy lemon
says how likely do you think it'll be
that will get another Korea verse Korea
final I mean I think the big thing is if
Samsung doesn't get out of groups it's
probably how you avoid a career as Korea
final because then there's a chance that
is there a chance gotten first I guess
well yeah because I guess you could have
you could you have all three Korean
teams on the same side of the bracket if
Samsung gets out I'm not true even if
because you can't have like the B team
of a bracket or like the second seed of
a bracket on the same size the first
year of the bracket if they're keeping
it for last year so I think I guess it
could work that way yeah it could work
that way yeah mm-hmm all right so that's
the way it avoids but other than that
we're expecting cravers Korea final yeah
as long as there's two Korean teams on
other sides more than likely
okay flow the Tron similar questions as
your dark force to win worlds that isn't
Korean I like this question because you
have to pick somebody that's not a
Korean team to win what a Testament by
making our jobs difficult we have to
pick something that's not good
not to mention like what a Testament it
is to like Korean dominance now that it
is just like oh okay I would have to be
like I Know Who I think strongest non
Korean team at the tournament is
potentially so I mean I think good
probably bi there I mean I think it
would be W II like I think you have to
say weg 2 or TSM right so pick one of
the three yeah well who said Chinese
teams are overrated
and we know that at TSM trashed
everybody at rift rivals so it sounds
like TSM should be the dark horse to win
worlds I'll take I'll take TSM in this
never gonna happen hypothetic who
yay Emily are you all to autos TSM also
your dark horse to win worlds thank you
I mean so I was gonna say w/e or it's
weird because I like g2 and best of
fives but I don't like them in best of
ones so provided that g2 would make it
out of their group I actually think they
could do some damage they're smart team
and best of five scenarios I think
that's a good hard group to get out of
like if they're in another group I'd
give them a higher chance that they're
stuck with RNG and Sam thoughts are they
still the most likely to win worlds
besides actually I think that like of
the three mentioned g2 have the hardest
group and they are the worst team
invested ones but they would be the best
team and justifies it so I think that
probably there if they get out of the
group and like they can smash their
group then yeah they would be the best
non-korean team mm-hmm okay so mark and
I say TSM Emily and Kelsey say G - all
right so w/e yeah but then you changed
it afterwards yeah awful I'll go with g2
cuz I like their best advice okay all
right there we go let's see one or two
other questions
the yellow sub na says picks to watch
for at Worlds worlds for instance Azir
because there is ear buffs I don't
really think Azir will be played like I
thought about it and it would be cool
because I don't know I like a lot of
these ear players that are out worlds
but I don't think a zero be played buff
the buff is weird because it's a damage
to like late-game alt which is not at
all whereas ear needs help or like where
he's
strong missile yes weird because it's
like a significant 150 or something but
it's it's like if you can get to level 9
and hit two items that's where his ears
like nasty anyways like playing teams
might try it I think it we might see it
in the plan I think there are definitely
situations where you can play yeah it's
probably unlikely bears drink decaf says
Ken mark finally admit dar doc could
have helped seal G you make it to Worlds
over oh my god how about we hear the
other two panelists opinions first and
I'll throw mine in I mean like in
hindsight they have probably had more of
a chance to make it with dyrdek
then not making it all because we now
know that they weren't making it with
Omar God
so yeah sure I guess you can say there's
a higher chance at this point okay
that's an interesting take I mean I
think the big thing you're looking at if
you're looking at dirt off versus oh my
god that's actually how it affects who
he and or for me anyway that's what I
immediately know this so not only just
the difference in their experience but
how who he plays the mid lane changes a
lot based on which jungle are played so
that's what I would be looking at that
being said like if it if things were bad
enough that they decided to swap out dar
doc for Omar Gaara because of whatever
decision they were like for our team
environment or whatever we think that
this is the best decision even if they
had made it to Worlds what would be the
chances that they would be able to do
anything if there was that much like
friction you don't understand that for
Western teams objective is not to do
well at Worlds the objective is to get
to Worlds apparently that's not all
anyone who's Mike my question is a how
did how did Dignitas to you guys when
they start having internal issues have
to have that Rebecca
oh they exploded hmm I wonder if a
similar thing would have happened with
CLG if they just exploded hmm I wonder
what happens when teams lose confidence
in each other there's only a history to
look at a plethora of teams over history
that have exploded aren't there some
teams that have exploded and actually
done well I got well there were a couple
teams that have like done incredibly
well that all hated each other
name one I'm trying to remember at this
moment but so bad that we had to like
replace forgiven for some reason there's
ups there's also a snow that
exceptionally well rate so there's also
a RNG iteration I think that all hated
each other but we're doing yeah so we
got two two examples it seems that did
well with hating each other now to to
counterbalance that with the teams that
didn't do well
season one CLG though get out of here
there's no competition yeah there's a
lot of teams that don't do well as soon
as like the team stops liking each other
CLG would not have done any better
that's my take all right maybe players
need to grow up and learn to work with
people they hate like the rest of us you
know good stuff if anyone needs to do
some growing up yeah coz needs to grow
up and learn to play with doc yeah
exactly get it together ed just learn to
play with this guy I mean kind of if you
if you want to win enough right you will
learn to play with RDoc yeah pretty much
if you think he's that good how was he
looking that season yes jungler it
wasn't fair with him than they were with
the Homer God the issue with our talk
for me is not that he's dick but
seems like he didn't really apply
himself to improve this split so that's
more my issue with our dock and than
anything else somebody said something
like pobelter
maybe he just had bad cookies mm-hmm
they tweeted a interview that I posted
and they said at pobelter doublelift
at why am I forgetting the other Oh X
myth the attic smithy you're all going
in the worlds and CLG isn't you weren't
the problems think about that one
and that's how well in the show Emily
anything that you want to say to the
fans where is it going to be really hard
on it on askin okay of course you get
the SKT shit to ESPN and then you give
like the Brazil articles to slingshot
poor slingshot the difference because I
wrote a similar feature on long shoe
firstling shot yeah most of my slingshot
articles do way better
unread it than my ESPN ones I think it's
because the publication time for ESPN is
pretty bad thing
mark what you got going on uh not too
much I will be doing the plane stage for
world's RS on the desk that's like a
week and a half in a way and until then
I'm mostly just prepping playing D&D
tonight with the riot casters looking
forward to that nice are you guys going
to stream it no really I mean the LPO
people always stream their D&D sessions
Kelsey what am i doing tonight I am
working by working I mean watching LMS
pods and writing about stuff good stuff
dude I'm gonna hang up approach life
with bold enthusiasm if you eat that
fortune cookie I'm hanging up
no so right we haven't actually really
talked about this as a group like
mark bite it doesn't really make sense
to do the show in the next couple of
weeks because there's gonna be nothing
to talk about
so that and then we're gonna go to
Worlds there's some of us are gonna go
to Worlds another was will be busy so
the show might go on a hiatus for a
little bit so there's that just when we
were picking up steam we had 550 viewers
bummer but so it might be on hiatus mark
and I were talking about doing a Colin
show that maybe we could pilot next week
and just take Collins if you still if I
call in you could do that and just ask a
question you could do that
why oh yeah we actually think the idea
of a Collins show might be kind of fun
so maybe we will do that but either way
show might be on break for a little bit
but that's the show you can sub to my
youtube channel to make sure you catch
this show or any others that are coming
outside and you can follow us on Twitter
I'll just do videos with Emily you know
that's actually not super hype because I
was going on oh yeah watch that hi for
spring um the next match is tonight's
and I believe 1 a.m. that's a big time
if I remember I stopped watching
national eSports tournament there was
technically a Chinese tournament
involving like to talk to you
saina oh it was kind of not worth very
good yep thanks for watching everyone
Travis Scott for comm slash support